have you ever been on your own before no
never
the last relationship lasted how many
years around 12 sexual preference women
is there a bisexual option available no
sir this option is no longer available
and the dog my brother he was here a
couple of years ago but he didn't make
it
did you read the leaflet yes I just as
you understand from your brother's
explain please if you fail to fall in
love with someone during your stay here
you'll turn into an animal have you ever
danced with anybody yes
isn't animal you'll have a second chance
to find a companion what sort of dancing
did you do just depends on the music
wait if we join you it's no coincidence
to the targets are shaped like single
people and not couples
can get Oh
boom I got pose hands marathons
and a parolee did you catch rabbits
catching rabbit is difficult
thank you very much if you need more
rabbits I'll bring you more you promise
oh there he is I guess we ba you can be
a loner as long as you're like there is
no time limit yeah dogs any romantic or
sexual relations are punished
Miami no he should we have to be totally
synchronized three - yep you you're like
a brother to me
oh you're my best friend in the whole
world I don't think I'm your best friend
in the whole world
now have you thought of what animal
you'd like to be if you end up alone yes
a lobster a lobster is an excellent
choice did you encounter any problems
you cannot resolve yourselves you will
be assigned children that usually helps